News
====

1 Sept 2016
-----------

Added possibility to configure on which environment to deploy and which branch to listen when a hook is triggered.


8 Dec 2015
----------

I've decided that most of the commands are just 'linux commands' and can be executed by the system.command.
So in the next release expect a deprecated notification for a lot of commands.


24 March 2015
-------------

So.. i've created an easy way to start a webserver that listens to the bitbucket post hook requests.
This nice feature will deploy automaticly to the testing and staging environment.

In the next release i will work on a 'deployment strategy configuration' which can be used to configure how
deploy-commander will react to bitbucket and github post request.


17 Feb 2015
-----------

Started testing a clean setup on ubuntu working with a Vagrant box.
See the Vagrantfile and puppet folder for more info.

Goal of this test is to look for possible problems with the installation.
It seemed that cython needs some dependencies that can be installed by the apt-get package python-dev.

Added an initial folder for unit tests.

Allso added a new variable `environment` to the runserver command so we can select a virtualenv.
I think it might be a better idea to start the webserver based on certain configuration in de root config.json.
So i've added my first issue: #1

Released a new version 0.1.4 with these changes


15 Feb 2015
-----------

So we've finally created a version that works and our documentation is getting better. 
I was thinking `now` is the time to start with a historical news log. 

In the current release (0.1.3) we've integrated a rest webserver to handle task request and 
integrate a bitbucket hook to automate the deployment proces.

We think the rest api will be the entry point to communicate with deploy-commander. 
We're thinking about developing a web interface that 'talks' to your deploy-commander instance. 
Maybe a iphone/android app to track deployments would be a nice addition! 

So in the next releases we might move certain command line actions to the rest api.
Expect more functionality in the upcoming months!